---
layout: post
title: Week Thirteen
---

<h1> Week 13 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This past week, me and my partner (Zach) grinded the OOP project together. We started the project on Monday, and above all odds, me and my partner managed to complete the project. I had previously heard from several people who had taken the class before that the final project was easier than the fourth project (Darwin) that we had done. Well, they lied. In my opinion, project 5 was the hardest project of all them, mainly because of the fact that it required implementing C++ inheritance, a concept which I was (and still am) not the most familiar with.  Thus, it was an uphill battle from the first day. Thus, we spent nearly an entire day planning how to structure our information passing. In particular, we were confused with the Cell handler class. In addition, we were confused with how exactly AbstractCells (and its children classes ConwayCells and FredkinCells), would kill themselves and communicate to the Life board that they were dead. But we managed to overcome those hurdles.  
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
So basically these next 3 weeks are gonna be extremely freaking hard. I know I complain about how hard my weeks are, but these next 3 weeks are literally going to be THE hardest weeks of the entire semester. Although the first week will be thanksgiving break, I will still have to start studying, because if I don’t start studying for both my OS final and the OOP “final” (test 2), I won’t have enough time to study for both the OOP test ( because I’ll be doing it concurrently with the final OS project (project 4, filesystems), which has not been as easy as I thought it to be) and the OS final (which I only have 4 days to study for, and need to do really well in). The second week (the week after thanksgiving), will be where the fun really begins. Throughout the week, I will have to study for the OOP test and do my final project at the same time. The day after the OOP test, my OS project is due. Although I’ll be able to take a slip day for my OS project, it will cut into the time to study for my finance exam, which on the Monday afterwards. Then, in 4 days (Friday), I will have to take my OS exam.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Study for my OS and OOP exams, but in a more relaxed manner than what I have been doing, and in the comfort of my home. So that’ll be nice. 
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Class has been interesting as usual. We’ve had a lot of speakers lately (Spiceworks), so that has been awesome. IN class, we’ve been learning about C++’s version of inheritance, and its differences with Java’s inheritance. It was definitely interesting to hear Professor Downing compare and contrast the two, and expose both their advantages (C++ classes can have multiple parents) and their disadvantages (Java’s way of choosing which method to use (between the child and the parent) is flawed).
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "https://quickdraw.withgoogle.com/"> https://quickdraw.withgoogle.com/ </a>
Be amazed at the power of Google’s AI and neural networks. Basically, it asks you to draw a crappy picture, and google’s AI will try to guess it. When I tried it out, on some tries, it actually came pretty close!
