---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---

<h1> Week 5 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
I basically worked on the project for the entirety of the week, up until Thursday. First things first, shoutout to Fernando Mendoza and Chirag Khatri, without their help on Piazza, I would have never finished this project. They helped me understand the project after numerous hours of confusion and not knowing what to do. Okay, but let me tell you about this project. This project was WONDERFUL for the most part (after I finally understood what was going on), except I messed it up at the end. After the insight from Fernando and Chirag, I spent numerous hours coding and debugging, learning a bit of C++ specific concepts (such as the concept of “streams” and “vectors”) as well as familiarizing myself with C++ versions of familiar data structures such as Maps. It was all going great. After about 10 hours spread over a period of 2 days, I was able to get RMSE’s of .90 for my RunNetflix.in and an RMSE of .98 for my probe.txt. Things were going great. I was very excited to finally be able to get a decent grade on the project. This was fairly simple. I made sure I documented each function well, and I double, even tripled checked my work to make sure it was correct, doing numerous make clean  make re-runs to make sure everything was right. I turned in the assignment (JSON file) at 7:05 pm. Everything was good (except maybe for the Travis CI build, which was still queuing but it was okay, I could take 5 points). So here comes the fustercluck. Just to make sure, I git cloned my repo from my private repo into a separate directory, then ran make. THE MAKE FAILED. HOW. Well it didn’t completely fail, as my executable ./RunNetflix was still good, which meant the RSMEs were still valid, but STILL. IT FAILED. So it turns out, I had accidentally created a directory called “netflix-tests” inside my folder that I had submitted, which prevents make test from cloning the latest version, which causes make check to fail because the version I made previously does not have the public files. In summary, just because I didn’t check the directory I was turning in closely enough, I missed a critical error which partially messed my project up.  
However, that was on Thursday night. On Friday during class, I explained my predicament in class to Peter (the proctor), who gladly helped me and was very understanding of my predicament. Thank you so much Peter.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
As usual, I need to find a better way to do projects. For the past few weeks, I’ve been going back and forth between doing the OOP and OS, only starting a new project when I finished the previous one. I plan on testing and possibly implementing a new system where I work on both projects on a more concurrent basis.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
I have to finish Project 1 of Operating Systems this week. In addition, I have to study for 2 tests this week (one for my finance class, and another for my Operating Systems class). In addition, as stated above, I will try to find a better way to do my projects (perhaps every other day instead of one project at a time??)
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Class has been pretty interesting so far. We learned about streams and iterators in c++, and the best way to implement them. Downing showed this by making us implement various formulas such as equal(), copy(), and the rsme() function that we did in the project. On Wednesday, Alex Menzies came from Jet Propulstion Laboratories (JPL) to demonstrate how JPL was using Microsoft HoloLens to revolutionize the way that geologists were able to study Mars. Before, they had to rely on poorly stitched panoramas, which were not only hard to create, but also skewed certain features. However, after integrating Microsoft HoloLens, researchers were able to “walk” on Mars and see features as they were on the planet without any skew.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = " http://www.mausr.com/ "> http://www.mausr.com/ </a>
The website uses symbol recognition to attempt to decipher a Unicode character from your drawing. Pretty neat.
