---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

<h1> Week 9 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
I basically worked on the OS project and the OOP project this entire week. In comparison, the OOP project was much, much easier than the OS project. Shoutout to Aaron Zou for coming up with some really awesome tests. Even though they broke our program for about 2 days, they exposed many problems and made me and my partner approach the project in a different way than we were used to. The OS project, however, was much more difficult. I’m pretty sure my group put in at least 50-70 hours into the project, including part 1. This was mainly because of the fact that the project   (concerning user programs and system calls) involved the creation of multiple threads which created each other and waited on each other. Since our implementation was far from perfect, we constantly ran into race conditions, junk variables, page faults, and the all – too – familiar “There is no crying in Pintos” error message. In particular, our group had to re-implement our parent – child process/thread relationship at least 3 times; it went from having 1 semaphore inside our process_wait() and thread_exit() methods to eventually 3 semaphores, before a TA eventually told us to severely simplify our code. OH yeah, by the way, shoutout to Jialin, Jasper, and Zach for being not only amazing TAs, but amazing people. Thank you for answering questions at literally any time, even if it wasn’t your office hours. Thank you for literally sticking around till 1 AM on Friday night JUST TO HELP US ON OUR PROJECTS. You could have been having fun on a Friday night, but instead, you chose to help and struggle with us for 6 hours. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
I have to catch up on a bunch of material in my other classes, which I put off because of the OS and OOP projects.  In addition, this next month is just going to be exceedingly difficult, as I will have to tackle project 4 of this class ( which I heard is difficult) at the same time as project 3 of OS (which I know will be extremely difficult).
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
As said in the above paragraphs, I have to catch up on a bunch of material in my other classes, which I put off because of the OS and OOP projects. In addition, I will start project 3 of my OS class, and hopefully get as far as I can before the next OOP project is assigned.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Class is interesting, as usual. This week, we learned about and implemented a “poor man’s vector”. I know this sounds kind of silly, but learning about vectors in C++ has really made me questioned my knowledge and understanding of Java concepts. I never really thought about capacity vs size until this semester. Taking this class has really exposed the limits, faults, and shortcomings of Java, while emphasizing the efficiencies of C++.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = " http://www.recommendmeabook.com/"> http://www.recommendmeabook.com/ </a>
Gives you the first page from a random book without the title or author so you can read with no preconceptions. 
