---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---
<h1> Week 6 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
I spent the near entirety of this past week doing Project 1 of my CS439 project. The project was on Threading, and we had to implement various things such as an Alarm clock, critical sections using semaphores, and Priority donation (think: the priority inversion problem. Most common example = Mars Pathfinder constantly rebooting). I found the project to be incredibly frustrating not because of the actual logic involved, but because the fact that we were severely constrained on our ability to debug. We weren’t even able to print out statements using printf and its flavors due to the fact printf isn’t signal safe; calling printf in our statements would cause the entire program to hang. Thus, we were forced to revert to different methods of debugging such as a whiteboard. We tried using GDB to debug, but it wasn’t yielding any fruitful results. Finally, after multiple hours of debug panics and failing assertions, our priority donation was working properly. Honestly, what made these past 2 weeks so aggravatingly stressful was the fact that we had so many extraneous events to deal with. Events such as the career fair, interviews from companies, and multiple tests really ate into my time and my energy. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
There’s so little time to do anything. This may be because I’m taking OS with OOP. Honestly, what made these past 2 weeks so aggravatingly stressful was the fact that we had so many extraneous events to deal with. Events such as the career fair, interviews from companies, and multiple tests really ate into my time and my energy. Now that those are out of the way, my schedule will probably be a little bit less hectic.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
I will mainly spend this week switching between studying intensely for this class and starting the second project of 439. However, I will prioritize (no pun intended) studying for OOP over starting the second project because I desperately need to catch up on the material. 
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Interesting as usual. C++ is still very strange to me. But I’m making more connections. Downing has been making more connections between Java and C++ more recently in his lectures, so that’s a plus. For example, we’ve been focusing on the concept of using iterators in C++ to traverse over data structures. This was foreign to me at first, because in Java, I rarely used iterators for traversal. Whenever I needed to traverse a data structure, I would just use a for or while loop. But using iterators in C++ does have its benefits: it allows us to pass in a function using a lambda?? (this is probably wrong here, this is why I need to study). So that’s pretty interesting. In addition, we created an optimized implementation of the ++ operator that allowed us to directly modify the variable instead of producing an incremented copy of it (which post increment does). Pretty neat, but I still don’t understand a bunch of things. I will though. In time.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "http://www.skimcast.com/"> http://www.skimcast.com/</a>
This site skims a website and generates a summary of it. I don’t know how accurate it is, but it’s definitely interesting.
