---
layout: post
title: Week Fourteen
---

<h1> Week 14 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
 I basically switched on and off between doing my final OS Project (Filesystems), and studying for the OOP final. Although I initially planned to do some studying and kattis over the thanksgiving break, I ended up not doing it because, well, it was Thanksgiving break, and who wants to do stuff during Thanksgiving Break? Because I barely did anything over Thanksgiving Break, I had to do some intense planning on the Sunday after Thanksgiving break on how exactly I was going to do partition out my time. Thankfully, everything ended up working out. My partner and I managed to clutch out Project 4, after my partner miraculously found a bug, which ended up solving our remaining 22 tests. After putting in literally 80 hours into the project, it felt amazing to finally have the burden of my OS project taken off of my shoulders. On the other hand, I got destroyed on the OOP test. Although I studied very hard, going through every lecture, link on the calendar (after test 1), and even the quizzes, I still thought the test was particularly challenging. In fact, I believe that if we had 30 more minutes, the class average would be a 70% - 80%, unlike what I had heard from last year (45% average). In addition, I don’t know if you can fix this, but if Canvas’s answer allowed us to TAB, my efficiency for answering questions would have gone up by at least 2x. But I’m not going to worry about it anymore. It’s in the past. If I did my calculations right, I need to earn 58.5 points on the final to pass. Assuming that I earned only half of the points for all the questions that I answered, that should still be above 58.5
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Ohhhhh boy, this week is gonna be hard. But it’s the last week, so I gotta push through like I’m constipated! I have 2 exams coming up. One is on Monday, and the other is on Friday.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
As mentioned above, I will study for both my exams. 
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Overall, OOP was quite an experience. Learning C++ really made me question my understanding of object oriented programming. However, in the end, it really refined my overall understanding. In addition, I also have to thank Professor Downing for making me a believer of pair-programming. At the beginning of the course, I REALLY REALLY did not want to do paired programming. Coming into a class filled with upperclassmen (juniors and seniors), in which some of my peers were TAs for my other classes, the imposter syndrome really hit me. In comparison to some students such as Aaron Zou and Simon (Xuming) Zeng, I was a mere mortal. I tried to do the first 2 projects by myself, but I ended up failing pretty catastrophically. So finally, after 2 failures, I decided to work with someone (Fernando) on the Allocator project, and I have not looked back since. The partners that I have had were honestly some of the most competent individuals that I have ever met. Programming together allowed us to catch SO MANY bugs, and come up with the best design possible. Paired programming taught me how to be a reliable partner, and really ingrained in me not only how to listen and process information when people were sharing their ideas with me, but also significantly improved my ability to articulate my ideas and concepts to my partners.
In conclusion, I enjoyed this class very much. That being said, I would have loved it WAY WAY more if I wasn’t taking OS at the same time.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "http://salmonofcapistrano.com/ "> http://salmonofcapistrano.com/</a>
Awesome website
