---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

<h1> Week 2 Post! Now with better formatting than last week! </h1>

<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This past week, I spent the majority of my time doing three things: 1) Working on Operating Systems (CS439) coursework and projects and trying to make sense of what was going on 2) Working on my personal project, an Android application, and 3) Continuously working on my weekly schedule/grind, updating it to more reflect how much work I could get done in a given time period. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Just the sheer amount of extra things besides my coursework that I have to do in order to prepare for the rest of the school year. This includes updating my resume and LinkedIn (which I haven’t done in quite a while) as well as deciding on which events that I want to attend in the future and analyzing the marginal benefit/marginal cost of attending it. For example, I am still deciding whether I should attend HackTx. Although it is/was a phenomenal event, it would severely affect my sleep schedule and thus my ability to work and apply myself at an efficient level.
In addition, I haven’t started on the project yet, much less set up the environment (Sorry Prof. Downing). This week was kind of a hectic mess for me, but I will be sure to read through every Piazza post as well as ask the TA’s for help setting up if absolutely necessary. 
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week, I plan to 1) Finish the project. But more importantly, I plan to catch up with everything on this course and get my schedule together. I feel like I have yet to make the most of this course yet, and that can only begin once I’ve caught up to everyone (by Thursday, of course).  
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Class was interesting as usual. What’s really been sticking out to me about this class is not the concepts we’re learning, but the way Professor Downing articulates them. In the past few lectures, I gained a new perspective on many concepts that I had once thought were trivial. For example, he explained the difference between i++ and ++i. Initially, I thought the two were almost identical (with one incrementing the variable after something and the other incrementing the variable first before doing something), but he showed a step – by – step process of how the for(int i = 0; i < something; i++) design pattern was causing our programs to be slow, and instead recommended us to use for(int i = 0; i < something; ++i) instead.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "http://visualgo.net/">http://visualgo.net/</a>
Good website for visualizing algorithms and data structures. Includes anything Bubble Sort to Minimum Spanning Trees. I’m not 100% sure if the algorithms/data structures shown on the website have correct implementations, but they really helped me to visualize the algorithms. 
