---
layout: post
title: Week Eight
---

<h1> Week 8 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This past week was relatively slow compared to some weeks in this semester (and next week). The majority of my time was spent on the first (tiny) part of my Operating Systems project (Project 2), in which me and my group had to implement argument passing into a stack onto PintOS. We ran into numerous errors along the way and had to consult the TAs pretty often. However, after numerous hours of looking at our code and debating what to do, we were able to visualize the “big picture” of the stack, and within a period of 2 hours, we were able to complete the task. The latter half of the week was much more relaxed, allowing me to take a much – needed break from my studies. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh boy next week. I just need to get survive next week. Next week will be particularly challenging due to the number of things happening within a relatively short period of time. First of all, the project for this class (OOP) is due at 10 PM on Thursday. Second of all, the project for OS is due at 11:59 on Friday. Third of all, HackTX is on Saturday – Sunday. The fact that both projects are due within a day of each other means that on top of all my usual work, I’ll be working concurrently between both projects. Thankfully, the OOP project isn’t that hard, so I hope to finish it before Monday or Tuesday.  However, for my Operating Systems project, since my group is somewhat behind, completing the project on time will definitely be an uphill battle. For HackTX, well, I’m still debating whether I should go or not. The drawbacks of going would obviously be 1) A major disruption in my sleep schedule, which would affect my performance for the next few days ,and 2) Lost time to study for the test I have next week. However, the FOMO (fear of missing out) still is a major pulling factor. Who knows what opportunities and ideas I could miss out on if I didn’t go?
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
As iterated above, next week is going to be tough. Next week, I plan to complete all the projects as well as go to HackTx. 
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Class has been interesting as usual. This week, we mainly discussed the concept of the heap, why it was necessary, garbage collectors, and the benefits and disadvantages of using garbage collectors. Coincidentally, my OS class happened to be on the same topic of the heap as well, so that helped. In particular, Professor Downing described the pros and cons of garbage collectors in a unique and memorable way. Using the example of automatic and manual (transmission) cars, he compared languages without garbage collectors (C,C++) to be manual transmission cars, and languages with garbage collectors (Java, Ruby, etc) to be the latter. While manual transmission cars needed a lot of work on the driver’s part, it was much more efficient and durable. On the other hand, automatic cars provided ease and comfort to the driver, but was less efficient and much less durable.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "https://www.ventusky.com/?p=26.33;-79.10;6&l=gust&t=20161007/08&w=0xIAb9A9A"> https://www.ventusky.com/?p=26.33;-79.10;6&l=gust&t=20161007/08&w=0xIAb9A9A </a>
Site that visualizes weather wind speeds. Pretty neat, especially in light of the hurricane (Matthew) that just swept through and absolutely wrecked Haiti, Florida, and parts of North Carolina. 
