---
layout: post
title: Week Twelve
---

<h1> Week 12 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This last week, I worked my ass off on the OS project. This was by FAR the hardest project I had ever done, let alone the hardest OS project. I can legitimately say that I put anywhere from 70 – 80 hours total into the project. What made it so hard and exceedingly frustrating was a combination of the fact that 1) the project specification very detailed and 2) we had to create the majority of our implementation from the ground up. There were literally so many working pieces in the project that it took my group 2 days to even digest the project specification and get a basic idea of what was going on. In addition, because of the fact that all the moving parts were so interdependent on each other, it was hard to get any one specific part done without messing up any of the other parts. Another pain in the butt was the fact that although we had already previously learned important virtual memory concepts such as paging and eviction, we had to learn PintOS’s version of the concepts. 
After 7 long, grueling days of work, I finally managed to get it partially working (we were missing 7 tests, but we earned 35.5 points out of 50 possible, so I guess that’s passing..?).  
Although this project was, without a doubt, the hardest project I have ever done, it truly was an experience. I say this because I went into the project having no “safety net”. In the previous projects, the partners in my group were more competent than me; thus, I wasn’t too concerned on not being able to complete the project. But this time was different. To be blunt, my partners in my group weren’t nearly as competent as I hoped for them to be, so I had to step up. I had to carry my group.  It was either do or die. I felt all the risk and responsibility fell on my shoulders, like I had never felt before. What made this project different than any other project I had done, was that I had to constantly ask other groups on how they did their implementations. Before, I had always tried to avoid asking other people for help, and saw it as a last-ditch situation. But me, being not that competent, and having to lead a group of (frankly) not competent individuals, forced me to get over that boundary and talk to other people. In doing so, I ended up meeting a lot of new people, more than I would have in many other social situations. There’s nothing quite like struggling with others over PintOS shenanigans.  In addition, it forced me to explain my problems in a concise yet effective manner, something that I traditionally (and still) have trouble with. 
Overall, this project gave me a deeper respect for many of my classmates. HUGE shoutout to Ted’s group and Pablo’s group, I literally would not have passed this project without them. Also, shoutout to Jacob and Ewon (I may have misspelled his name), Alex Pustilnik’s group, Jasper and Nick (the TA’s), and any other groups that helped me. Y’all are terrific. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
I still have the OS design doc to do. Which will be difficult to score sufficient points on, since the meat of it covers synchronization of the program, something which I did NOT get to, because every time I tried to implement it, my program froze. In addition, since I took 2 slip days for this project, I only have 1 left for the last project, which puts me on the edge a bit. 
Last but not least, there’s always the OOP Life project. That will be a nice breath of fresh air from PintOS.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
As mentioned above, I will do the OOP project.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Class has been interesting, as usual. We’ve been learning more on inheritance in C++. It has exposed me more to Java’s shortcomings ( only 1 parent) and emphasized C++’s impressive mechanisms (multiple parents) 
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "http://asoftmurmur.com/ ">http://asoftmurmur.com/ </a>
Have you ever heard of <a href = "https://rainymood.com/">https://rainymood.com/</a>? Well, this website is similar, but it includes other ambient sounds such as waves, crackling fire, coffee shop, etc. It’s pretty amazing if you need some ambient noise.
