---
layout: post
title: Week Four
---

<h1> Week 4 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
Basically I grinded my project 0 of CS439 because it was due on Friday. And I haven’t started the CS371p project yet. And, I haven’t started my project 1 of CS439, which people have told me takes 3 – 4x the amount of effort of project 0. And, I still need to prepare for Career fair, because that’s in 3 days. And, I still need to do notes for a bunch of things. There’s a lot on my plate that I need to correctly organize and handle so that I can survive the next few weeks.  
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
I literally have no time. LITERALLY all my time is spent doing schoolwork or preparing for something or cramming something. I honestly have no clue how people have time to write 10 page long blog posts. Perhaps they’re more efficient than me. 
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Grind project 2 for CS371p, and start project 1 of CS 439. I don’t know how I’m going to do that but I’ll figure it out. Also take notes and do homework for various classes. 
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
I’ve definitely learned a lot more about C++ than I’ve known before.  Wednesday was definitely a treat with Chris Martin from Bloomberg, who gave us a taste of what industry/the real world was like. It was certainly interesting to see what tools companies were using to optimize their work flows and design their products.  
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "http://wikiverse.io/">http://wikiverse.io/</a>
Neat website that tries to visualize Wikipedia (the vast conglomeration it is) as a network of clusters categorized by topic ( ex: religion, philosophy, politics, society, etc).
