---
layout: post
title: Week Eleven
---

<h1> Week 11 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This week was uncharacteristically busy. At the beginning of the week, I devoted numerous hours each day to study for my OS test, which was on Wednesday. Thankfully, the test was surprisingly easy. For some odd but amazing reason, the test contained several questions that were strikingly similar to certain questions on the released practice exam. In addition, there were (thankfully) no questions related to the implementation of our projects, which would have been a real pain in the butt, as I had turned in the projects nearly 1 month ago and only faintly remembered the implementations for it. However, there was no time for rest, as the OOP project was due the next day. Thus, I spent the near entirety of Thursday working on the OOP project.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
These next 2 weeks will be pretty tough. OS Project 3 (the virtual memory project) will be due in a short amount of time, and that will certainly take up the near – majority of all my time this coming week.  However, it doesn’t stop there. The week after next week, I have the final OOP project due, which I will have to complete in a reduced amount of time, since the entirety of my time next week will be devoted to grinding the OS project. 
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
See above.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Class has been interesting. I used to be quite reluctant to learning the raw, inner details of certain aspects of programming, but now that we’ve been doing that for the past month, I have gained an appreciation for object – oriented programming and the language of C++.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "https://www.gapminder.org/dollar-street/matrix?thing=Families&countries=World&regions=World&zoom=4&row=1&lowIncome=26&highIncome=15000 ">https://www.gapminder.org/dollar-street/matrix?thing=Families&countries=World&regions=World&zoom=4&row=1&lowIncome=26&highIncome=15000 </a>
A website that visualizes income equality around the world. 
