---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

<h1> Week 10 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This past week, I studied heavily for my test for my Finance class (FIN 320F, taught by Prof. Toprac, for those who are wondering). Although the test wasn’t too hard, I’m pretty sure that I didn’t do as well as I expected to, due to some careless mistakes that I realized that I made after the test. Which, quite frankly, absolutely sucks because the tests are weighted so unreasonably heavy (90% tests, 10% homework).  After my test, which was on Wednesday, I worked numerous hours on the OOP Darwin project with my partner. At first, the project looked straightforward: implement various creatures and keep track of their position, state, species, and whatnot. Since I had already completed a variation of this project in my AP Computer Science course I took in high school (our variation was with a program called “Gridworld”), I thought this was going to be a piece of cake. I was wrong, obviously. Without the ability to use getters and setters, which violated the “Object-Oriented”-ness of a program, the complexity of the project increased exponentially. In fact, my partner and I spent 2 days sifting through the documentation, reading through posts of Piazza, and reading and re-reading the “Getters and Setters” article several times before we were able to get a basic idea of what was going on.  
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh boy these next two weeks are going to be considerably difficult. First of all, I have a test in my Operating Systems class on Wednesday, which will be difficult because – unlike this class’s exams – we won’t be able to use a cheat sheet, which would be extremely helpful, considering the amount of material the test will cover. Second of all, on the very next day after that, the OOP project is due. Third of all, for the next 8 days, I will have to grind the 3rd project of my OS class (regarding virtual memory), which is infamous for being THE most difficult project in the entire class.  
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
As mentioned above, I will study for my OS test, complete the OOP project, and work my ass off for the 3rd OS project. 
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Class has been interesting, as usual. Professor Downing’s teachings have continuously caused me to question my competence regarding object – oriented programming. Which is not a bad thing, because it has opened me up to new design paradigms and conventions that I would have otherwise not known about .
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "http://www.lightnote.co/ "> http://www.lightnote.co/</a>
Have you ever wanted to learn more about music theory, but was turned off by its utter complexity? Well here’s a clear and concise introduction to several important concepts of music theory.
