---
layout: post
title: Week Seven
---

<h1> Week 7 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
I basically studied for the test on Thursday. I think I did fairly bad on this test, to be honest. I expect to get anywhere from a 40% to 70%, even though I studied very hard for the test. This is because I anticipated that the test would be partly writing code and partly multiple choice. Even though multiple choice was never mentioned to be on the test, I still prepped for it, as I knew I would be extremely salty (pissed) if I saw a multiple choice question on the test that I recognized from the quizzes, but was too lazy to study. However, the majority of my time studying was spent looking through each lecture post on Piazza, relevant files in the “Schedules” tab ( for example, “Equal.h”), and asking questions on Piazza about concepts that I wasn’t able to decipher. As usual, Piazza proved to be the most helpful source of information, where I was able to get quality responses in a surprisingly fast time (shoutout to Aaron Zou for coming up with the code for remove() and Matt Ruston for helping demystify C++ constructors). 
However, despite getting all the help I could get, I’m pretty sure I still failed. Why? I wasn’t able to get the last 2 questions, which were a total of 95 points. The last 2 questions were creating the Iterator and then the container. I missed them because I didn’t look through them thoroughly enough. Doing the math, 95 / 225 = .422, which means the max score I can probably get is a 57%.  However, this assumes that I got the other 4 questions correct. Which I may not have because I’m pretty sure I had a logic error in at least 2 of the questions. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Trying to balance OS with this class. Also my time management could always improve.  
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Start the next project for this class, because it seems more interesting than my OS project at the moment. 
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
I actually enjoy this class more than OS, to be honest, because it not only opened me to new concepts and perspectives of OOP, but also reinforced some fundamental concepts of OOP that I was rusty on.  
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = " http://sci.esa.int/comet-viewer/"> http://sci.esa.int/comet-viewer/</a>
3D interactive website of Philae. Pretty impressive if you think about the amount of effort and planning that went into just getting Rosetta to land on Philae, the ridiculously tiny margin of error to pull it off, and the fact that it took 10+ years to do. 
