---
layout: post
title: Week Twelve
---

<h1> Week 12 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This past week, I mainly worked on my project for my security class. The goal of the project was to build an image stenographer, a program that could essentially hide an image within another image. Initially, I wanted to just take the easy way out, and implement a program using the easiest (and as a result, most jank, cop-out) solution called “Least – significant bit” insertion, or LSB insertion. In this process, bits of a message could be hidden inside the least significant bits of each byte of the “cover image”. While this method could store quite a bit of data (i.e: a 2000 x 2000 pixel image with 3 bytes per pixel could store 500,000 bits, or 62.5kb worth of information), this method was not only highly susceptible to statistical pattern cryptoanalysis, but also incredibly fragile, in the sense that if the image was manipulated in any way (rotated, transformed, etc), the contents of the message would be lost. Thus, I looked into other methods such as spread spectrum and JPEG compression. However, these methods were not only incredibly long, but also a PITA to implement. Thus, in the interest of my time and sanity, I came up with a modified solution to LSB. Instead of storing data in only the least significant bit, I stored data in the 2 least significant bits. In addition, instead of predictably storing data in consecutive positions, I pseudo-randomly generated index positions by taking in a private key to act as a seed, for the pseudo-random number generator I was using. By doing so, I was able to 1) increase the amount of data that could be stored by a factor of 2, and 2) strengthen protection against cryptoanalysis attacks. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Not much is in my way. Like many of us, who have been grinding all semester, I’m really looking forward to this Thanksgiving break.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week, I’ll just relax, as it’s Thanksgiving break.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
As always, SWE is really interesting. It was good to have a refresher on design patterns and re-factoring, as this is a skill that’s really not taught in school, but absolutely necessary in industry.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrgYtFhVGmg">NVIDIA’s AI is able to generate fake, but incredibly realistic looking images of fake celebrities. AI is truly fascinating.</a>
