---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

<h1> Week 9 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This past week, I worked on SWE every day, for anywhere between 2 – 7 hours at a time. On top of that, I had to study for my midterm for my security class (CS 361 Intro to Security), which was on Monday. Now that I think about it, it’s pretty impressive how I was able to deploy a RESTful api on GCP in 5 days. The reason why I say this is because our team, in particular, faced an ENORMOUS amount of bugs. For instance, we encountered many issues with the encoding of our data, as some endangered Animals’ names (our SWE project is related to Endangered Animals) contained Unicode characters which had ascii values of over 128, which meant that they couldn’t be properly encoded in UTF-8 format. In addition, we encountered SEVERAL issues regarding the deployment of our project to our Cloud SQL instance on GCP. First of all, it always took FOREVER to deploy to GCP (a time – frame of roughly 5 – 15 minutes, which doesn’t seem like that much, but when you’re rapidly iterating, it feels like an eternity). Second of all, we kept running into the notorious “502 Bad Gateway Error”, which gave literally us no error information (similar to C’s “Segmentation Fault: Core Dumped” error). After several hours of deliberation and frustration, we found the bug: our field SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI, which represented the connection string to our Cloud SQL instance, wasn’t correct. In my 2 files (models.py and main.py), I was putting credentials to my local connection in my models.py file, when in reality, I should have been doing the following: 1) In models.py, put the connection string that connects to my database, and 2) In main.py, in the “main” method, which will only be run locally, not on the deployed version, put the SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI containing the local string.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Not much is really in my way. My backend still isn’t perfect. We’re getting a bunch of null values here and there in various tables, so I’ll have to look into fixing that. Other than that, not much is in my way.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week, I’ll fix various issues and begin working on Phase 3. This will most likely involve creating new RESTful APIs, to account for searches. For example, I’m probably going to have a REST api for searching animals by certain habitat, etc.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
As always, SWE is really interesting. It was interesting to learn the different types of joins (inner, natural, cross, left, right). I had really only known 1 join (inner), so it was really interesting to see the different types of joins.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
No link for this week, but here’s a debugging tip for GCP. To see error logs on GCP, go to StackDriver  Logging. This was literally a lifesaver for us. Also, the beautify app on python is amazing; indentation errors can really be a pain in the ass, especially if you and your partner use different IDEs.