---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---

<h1> Week 5 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
I spent the past week, including Saturday and Sunday, completing the first phase of my SWE project.  Initially, I thought that this phase was going to be fairly simple. However, after reading the lengthy project requirements, I quickly realized that his project was going to be pretty difficult, for the following reasons: 1) The amount of time we were given, 2) The amount of new tools we had to use, and 3) The amount of things we had to do, just for the initial website. First of all, we were only 1 week, as opposed to a typical CS project/ agile sprint time frame of 2 weeks. Second of all, among my group, we had to pick up and quickly learn at least 10 new technologies (Apiary, Bootstrap, React, Flask, Namecheap, PlanItPoker, Onsen, Python), to name a few. This typically wouldn’t have been a problem, had it not have been for the limited time frame we were given. Lastly, there were just so many things to do. Not only did we have to set up a static website, with 5 pages, but we also had to do numerous secondary tasks such as write documentation on Apiary, write a >= 2500 word technical report, write issues on Trello, and guestimate their time on PlanItPoker. Similar to the 2nd problem, the task wouldn’t have seemed extremely daunting, had it not have been for the limited time frame we were given. Thankfully, after 6 days of intense work sessions, 1 idea change, and 2 model changes, my group was able to complete the static website. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Despite having completed Phase 1, I know that there’s still a lot that I have to learn. Since I’ll be doing the backend, I’ll have to put a significant amount of time into learning python, flask, and how to deploy to GCP.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week, I’ll have to catch up on a lot of work from my other classes that I’ve had to put off for SWE.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
As always, SWE is really interesting. As I learn more about Python, I’ve become more and more impressed by the amazing things that it can do (ex: list comprehensions) that other programming languages can’t, and how intricate its underlying architecture is.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2017/09/saving-the-world-from-code/540393/"> Something that all computer scientists need to think about </a>
