---
layout: post
title: Week Seven
---

<h1> Week 7 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
Unlike last week, this week was much more relaxed. I spent the majority of the week studying for the SWE test on Thursday. In addition, I spent a considerable amount of time finishing work due next week for my other classes. In terms of the SWE test, I thought the experience was much better than my test-taking experience in OOP. To add some context, when I took OOP two semesters ago, the test consisted of 6 coding questions to be completed on Canvas. While the problems themselves were not too incredibly complicated, the biggest grievance that I (and many other students, I presume) had was with Canvas’s coder – unfriendly system. Each question had to be typed into a tiny box. In addition, within the question box, there was no “tab” button; thus, in order to show an indentation, you had to manually input spaces. Thankfully, this semester has been much better. In addition to moving to Hackerrank for the coding portion, which is designed for coders, I appreciate the fact that a multiple choice section was added on Canvas. By including this section, it not only made the test a broader assessment, but also helped to not punish students who knew the material well, but weren’t good at coding up solutions on the fly.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Apart from having to finish a huge part of the backend, not much is in my way.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week, I’ll have to complete a significant amount of the backend for the SWE project, as I have been putting it aside to do other, more pertinent tasks. 
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
As always, SWE is really interesting. As I learn more about Python, I’ve become more and more impressed by its flexibility.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HibKRvVEQ4/">Amazing speech by Pablos Homan, on Security in our day and age</a>