---
layout: post
title: Week Three
---

<h1> Week 3 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
Coming up to the career fair on thursday, I did the following 4 things concurrently: 1) Revamped my personal project to include more industry tools such as Travis CI, 2) Planned out and completed SWE Collatz project, 3) Planned out (more hastily) and completed my CS 361 Caesar Cipher project. 4) Prepped for career fair by cleaning up my resume as well as printing out about 40 resumes. 
The day of the career fair turned out to be more tiring than expected, because this year, I was invited to an additional “career fair”, the FoCS Career brunch, which started from 8 am – 11 am. I initially thought this was a mistake that I was invited, because I was told that the brunch was an incredibly exclusive event, open to only the top students (aka officers, turing scholars, etc). But hey, when you’re presented with an opportunity, you take it. Thus, I went anyways. Overall, I talked for a total of 8 hours, which was incredibly exhausting, but I’m glad I was given the opportunity, as I was able to talk to recruiters of companies who I otherwise wouldn’t have, due to their long lines.
Overall, the week turned out way better than I expected. I had initially planned to take 5 days to complete the Collatz project, because 1) I had a lot of trouble with the project last year in OOP, 2) I was completing the assignment in python, a language I was not very familiar with, and 3) I was approaching the project using a test-driven development approach, which meant that I would have to take on a large initial overhead into writing unit tests. However, since I was so concerned that I wouldn’t be able to finish the project in time, I ended up being more efficient than I usually was, crunching 5 hours worth of work into 3. Thus, at that pace, I was able to finish the majority of the project within 3 days, which gave me some buffer time to work on my other projects.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Now that career fair is over, I’ll have to start prepping for coding interviews. The issue is that there is literally so. much. material to cover. I plan to use tools like Hackerrank, Leetcode, and plain just reviewing data structures. 
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
As I said above, I’ll be mainly focusing on prepping for coding interviews.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
I really appreciate the fact that whenever Prof. Downing explains a concept, he explains the Java equivalent of the new concept, then compares and contrasts it with the new python concept. 
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-41286638">The Equifax Breach is apparently global</a>