---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

<h1> Week 10 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This past week was very relaxed, compared to last week. Apart from creating a few more unit tests, and refining the REST API for our backend, I didn’t really do that much for SWE this week. In fact, I spent the majority of this week catching up on sleep and energy from last week’s grind, as well as studying for my management test on Thursday.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
I still don’t have a concrete plan to implement the features for the current project. We’ll have to implement 3 features: filtering, pagination, sorting, and creating a Google – like search feature. Although it seems like pagination will most likely be a feature that the front – end will have to implement (I’ve been working mainly on the backend of my group’s project), implementing filtering and sorting may require either adding a few more methods to my REST API, or simply re-engineering some of my existing methods (by adding optional parameters for filtering, sorting). The biggest question mark by FAR, is creating the Google – like search engine.  I honestly have so many questions. So far, my group has done some light research on front – end frameworks such as Algolia, Solr, and Elastic search. However, everything is still up in the air at the moment. 
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week, my team and I will implement the features that were mentioned above. This will likely be another long and grueling week, similar to last week. However, this time, I have a feeling that it won’t be as bad as last week, as we won’t have to completely build up the website (both front – end and back – end) from the ground up.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
As always, SWE is really interesting. It was really interesting to learn regular expressions on Wednesday, as they were always something that I had hoped to learn, but never found the time nor energy to invest into learning.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
No link for this week, but here’s a debugging tip for GCP. Last week, I mentioned that GCP had a fantastic debugger and logger tool called StackDriver. Although StackDriver is a great tool, it takes a long time for logs to come in. Thus, I’ve found it faster to stream logs into the terminal, rather than go to my google console. Simply type in "gcloud app logs tail -s default".