---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

<h1> Week 6 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This past week was possibly one of the busiest weeks I’ve ever had. To put it in perspective, I’ve had 2 interviews, 1 test, and 1 project due in the span of 4 days (Monday – Thursday). My week could be broken down into 2 phases: Sprint 1 and Sprint 2. Sprint 1, which lasted from Sunday to Tuesday afternoon, involved studying for my interview with Factset and studying for my management test somewhat concurrently. Sprint 2, which lasted from Tuesday afternoon to midnight of Thursday, involved studying for my interview with Capital One, and throwing together an encryption algorithm for my Intro to Security class. To my surprise, of the four events, the most stressful task was putting together the encryption algorithm. One would think that doing multiple interviews is immensely stressful, but for some reason, the processes went fairly smoothly.  The encryption algorithm, on the other hand, was immensely stressful to put together because of the numerous amounts of components in it. Originally, I planned to fully implement AES as a part of my algorithm. However, upon careful inspection, I realized that the task was not only immensely complicated, but a waste of my time to try to implement ALL of AES. To put this in perspective, the current, military – grade implementation of AES consists of 10 rounds, which each contain 4 steps. Each of the 4 steps involve complex byte manipulation and mixing schemes, which, given the time I had (2 days), I was really not interested in implementing. Thus, I improvised by creating a version of AES that only had 5 rounds, with 2 steps inside each round.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
There’s just so much to learn for Phase 2/ Project 3.  In addition, I’ll have to spend a lot of time looking at the database articles that are posted on the schedule, in order to create a robust database.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week, I’ll have to catch up on a lot of SWE, since I’ve been focusing on completing work from my other classes.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
As always, SWE is really interesting. As I learn more about Python, I’ve become more and more impressed by the amazing things that it can do (ex: maps and generators, putting multiple lines of code into 1 line) that other programming languages can’t, and how intricate its underlying architecture is.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = “http://www.stolencamerafinder.com/”> This website parses the unique serial number from the exif data inside your photos, to help you locate your camera, in case it gets stolen</a>
