---
layout: post
title: Week Thirteen
---

<h1> Week 13 Post </h1>
<h2>Pros:</h2>
  - I was able to learn many different tools and languages, such as Python, Flask, SQLAlchemy, Google Cloud Platform, Postman, etc.
  - I was able to improve on my fundamentals (better OOP practices, refactoring, etc)
  - Professor Downing is a fantastic lecturer, who introduces and teaches concepts in a logical and concise manner, in the sense that he sort of guides you to the answer, while not explicitly giving you the answer. 
    One thing to know is that he randomly selects students to answer questions during lecture. While this may seem very daunting and nerve-wracking at first, especially since 1) He's putting you
    on the spot in front of the whole class, and 2) If you don't know the answer, that adds to the nerve-wracking part, I would argue that by "twising your arm" (as he would say it)
    to do this, it benefits you in the long run by 1) Forces you to be calm in the face of pressure, and 2) Teaches you that it's okay to not know the answer all the time, and that
    when you don't know the answer to the problem, you should admit it and be humble. 
  
<h2>Cons:</h2>
  - To those who haven't taken this class:
    * Expect a HEAVY workload. Not like OS heavy, but on the days before the project is due, expect to spend at least 5-7 hours per day on the project.
      In addition, there's just a LOT of material that is covered, including lecture material and outside readings.
  - To the TAs/ Professor downing:
    * Perhaps using another deployment platform, such as AWS or Heroku, would be optimal. Although I 1)deeply respect the computing capabilities
    of GCP, and 2) Enjoy the fact that I was able to learn how to deploy something online, deployment was an incredible pain in the ass that I would
    prefer not to experience again.
    * In the future, there should be a certain grade percentage attributed to a team report/ peer evaluation. This evaluation would be used to 
    reward hard-working team members for their effort and persistence, and penalize team members who didn't do their part. By having this system,
    it would encourage all members of the team to work hard and put in their fair share. Should there be a dispute, members would be able to talk 
    with the TA/ the professor.
    
<h2>Overall experience in the class:</h2>
Overall, I enjoyed taking this class. While there were certainly many moments of frustration that were caused by this class, in retrospect,
these moments taught me many invaluable things about not only the technological side of software engineering, but the personal/ soft skill/ management side 
of software engineering.

<h2>Would I recommend?</h2>
Yes. Even if you don't plan to pursue a software engineering job in the future, it's good to understand the tools and practices used by software engineers,
as many of them translate across almost every profession, both in and out of CS.