---
layout: post
title: Week Eight
---

<h1> Week 8 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This past week, I mainly completed work for my other classes that was due next week, in order to completely devote the next week to finishing Phase 2 of the SWE project. In particular, for my security class (CS 361 Intro to Security), I created a program that sent a fake email to my professor. As part of our unit on Social Engineering, we were tasked with creating and sending an email that looked to be sent by someone else. I decided to get creative, and I sent my professor an email about a faculty potluck pretending to be Katie Cross (the Events Program Coordinator for UTCS). In order to achieve this result, I first opened up a real email sent by Katie, and pulled the HTML contents from the email. Then, using JavaMail, a framework to build mail and messaging applications, I created and sent the email to my professor. I also received my grade from the SWE test I took last Thursday. I’ll be honest, I was pretty disappointed with the test, because if I only I had checked the test cases SOONER, rather than trying to deduce the results, I would have been able to get problem 4, which should have been a freebie, since it was basically a repeat of problem 3. Oh well. I’m not going to complain about what was and what should or could have been. I’ll just remember not to make the same mistake the next time around. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
I have to learn a LOT about the flask and SQLAlchemy.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week will be grind time. I’ll need to complete the majority of my project by the end of Tuesday, in order to save time for other logistical stuff such as updating our Apiary, Technical report, and UML diagram, as well as accounting for unforeseen issues such as issues with our front end and GCP.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
As always, SWE is really interesting. It was interesting to re-learn relational database concepts in terms of a pythonic sense. It’s weird and not weird having to imagine tables as a list of dicts.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "https://futurism.com/heres-how-sleeping-too-little-literally-transforms-your-brain/">This is literally the “cigarettes” of our generation: lack of sleep. And when I mean “cigarettes”, I’m referring to something that future generations will say “that’s obviously bad for you, how did our forefathers not know this was bad for us/ do anything about it?”</a>
