---
layout: post
title: Week Eleven
---

<h1> Week 11 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
This past week, my SWE group and I finished phase 3 (project 4) of our IDB website. Since I was part of the back-end team, there wasn’t much work that had to be done on my end, as the majority of the back-end work (setting up the database, figuring out the models and their attributes, figuring out how to push and pull data from the database, writing the REST API using flask-alchemy) was finished in the previous phase of the project. The 3 main things that were accomplished were: 1) Update the media links, as the foreign search API we were using was giving some faulty links, 2) Change the REST API to return a slightly different piece of data, and 3) Update our unit tests, as well as create Postman tests. On the other hand, I was initially a bit worried about the front-end aspect for this phase, as our front-end team would have to implement 3 features (pagination, filtering, and a Google – like search feature) within a short period of time. Fortunately, my team members were able to tackle these features pretty well.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Not much is in my way. For some reason, I thought Phase 5 would be due on Thanksgiving day (as each project is due 2 weeks after the previous one), which meant that my group would have had to start working on the project as soon as possible.  Thankfully, I found out it was due the Tuesday after.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week, I’ll mainly focus on my steganography project for my security class.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
As always, SWE is really interesting. It was good to have a refresher on SQL. Professor Downing explained the numerous use cases and features for CRUD operations, as well as useful keywords such as “union” very concisely.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = "https://regexr.com/"> Speaking of regular expressions, here’s a website that allows you to experiment with them.</a>