---
layout: post
title: Week Four
---

<h1> Week 4 Post </h1>
<h2>What did you do this past week? </h2>
I spent the past week completing assignments that were due next week ahead of time, in order to make space/time for the SWE project next week, which is due next Thursday. In addition, I spent many hours finishing several online Hackerrank coding interviews assigned to me by various companies. I was a bit hesitant going into these interviews, as I had observed many of my friends panic and (over) stress about interview prep, and worry about remembering some foreign data structure or some incredibly difficult graph problem by <Big Company X> that required some very complex implementation. However, the difficulty of the interviews that I encountered was mild, maybe somewhat challenging at most. It could just be because of the companies I interviewed for, I don’t really know. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
The biggest obstacle that I’m currently facing is the SWE project that’s due on Thursday. After much deliberation, my team and I have decided that we’re going to switch topics. Originally, we proposed the idea of creating a website that would generate a list of recipes, given a list of ingredients. However, we found it exceedingly difficult to not only come up with the models themselves, but the attributes for them as well. What really tore us from the idea was that fact that each model had to be connected to 2 other models. After several hours of discussion, we decided that our current (albeit creative) idea wouldn’t work out realistically, and that we needed to move fast to come up with another idea.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week will be incredibly busy, as my group will have to complete the first phase of the project in a matter of a few days, as opposed to the normal project/ Agile sprint cycle of 2 weeks. Luckily, we’ll get 1 month for the next phase.
<h2>Experience in the class:</h2>
Experience in the class has been pretty good so far. Downing explains the concepts nicely.
<h2>Pick of the week:</h2>
<a href = “https://amp.theguardian.com/technology/2017/sep/21/coding-education-teaching-silicon-valley-wages”>Controversial topic for this week: Tech's push to teach coding isn't about kids' success – it's about cutting wages. Do you agree/disagree?</a>